Update Github Action workflow to test tractography algorithms (#2)
lincbrain/irontract-challenge: pr.md

Reviewer: I would suggest moving these instructions to the readme.

> # Instruction for Testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Instructions for testing your algorithm

To test the accuracy of your tractography algorithm you will need to submit a pull request to this repository.  Please see below for the detailed instructions.
```

1. Make a fork of this repo.

> 2. Add me (calvinchai) to permission to write so I can push changes to your fork

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add Kaidong (GitHub username: `calvinchai`) as a collaborator to your forked repository (under `Settings` > `Collaborators`).
```

> 2. Add me (calvinchai) to permission to write so I can push changes to your fork

Reviewer: Please explain what changes will be pushed.

> 3. Commit anything to the forked repo

Reviewer: Would this be correct?

```suggestion
3. Save your algorithm under the `scripts` directory.
```

4. Make a PR into this repo, which will trigger the workflow

> 5. I will then be able to push anything to your forked repo to test the workflow

Reviewer: Please explain what will be pushed.

```suggestion
5. Kaidong will then be able to push changes to your forked repository to test the algorithm.
```
